{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ################################################################################\
README\
try \'91python3 main.py \'97help\'92 to get a detailed explanation of all parameters (also given below) \
################################################################################\
\
usage: main.py [-h] [-seed SEED] [-n_jobs N_JOBS] [-max_iter MAX_ITER]\
               -data_to_analyze DATA_TO_ANALYZE -data_path DATA_PATH\
               [-data_name DATA_NAME] [-min_samples_ransac MIN_SAMPLES_RANSAC]\
               [-lambda_l1 LAMBDA_L1] [-lambda_l2 LAMBDA_L2]\
               [-min_samples_split MIN_SAMPLES_SPLIT]\
               [-lin_solver [LIN_SOLVER]] [-new_reg [NEW_REG]]\
\
optional arguments:\
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit\
  -seed SEED            int; Random seed. (Default: 1)\
  -n_jobs N_JOBS        int; Number of parallel threads to be used. (Default:\
                        4)\
  -max_iter MAX_ITER    int; Maximum number of epochs for RANSAC, Lasso and\
                        Ridge. (Default: 50)\
  -data_to_analyze DATA_TO_ANALYZE\
                        int; Proj 4 evaluates on 3 datasets, 1) House price,\
                        2) Solarenergy and 3) Wind energy from California\
                        Power Production. if a fourth data set has to be\
                        evaluated please set this option to4 and provide a\
                        -data_path, -data_name.[*]\
  -data_path DATA_PATH  Path to the data file; The last column will be treated\
                        as response and the rest as attributes.[*]\
  -data_name DATA_NAME  Name of the data-set being evaluated; only valid if\
                        -data_to_analyze=4\
  -min_samples_ransac MIN_SAMPLES_RANSAC\
                        float; RANSAC : The minimum percentage [0,1] of\
                        samples chosen randomly from original data. (Default:\
                        0.5)\
  -lambda_l1 LAMBDA_L1  float; Lasso : The coefficient [0,1] of L1 norm in\
                        Lasso. (Default: 1)\
  -lambda_l2 LAMBDA_L2  float; Ridge : The coefficient [0,1] of L2 norm in\
                        Ridge. (Default: 1)\
  -min_samples_split MIN_SAMPLES_SPLIT\
                        int; Decision Tree : The minimum number of samples\
                        required to split an internal node. (Default: 25)\
  -lin_solver [LIN_SOLVER]\
                        bool; Should results from linear solver be included?\
  -new_reg [NEW_REG]    bool; Should results from new regression method be\
                        included? [does not work]\
\
\
################################################################################\
\
Some examples:\
\
python3 main.py -data_to_analyze=1 -data_path='data/housing.data.txt' ; evaluates 5 regressors on housing data set on standard setting\
\
python3 main.py -data_to_analyze=3 -data_path='data/all_breakdown.csv' -min_samples_ransac=0.9; evaluates wind energy dataset with a modifier on RANSAC\
\
python3 main.py -data_to_analyze=1 -data_path='data/housing.data.txt' -lin_solver ; evaluates 6 regressors on housing data set on standard setting. Including linear regression using normal equation\
\
python3 main.py -data_to_analyze=2 -data_path='data/all_breakdown.csv' -min_samples_split=1000;\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 evaluates solar energy dataset with a modifier on Decision Tree regression\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
################################################################################\
}